the regular season is set to begin and
were thrilled to bring you all the live
action right here on 2k sports
I'm Kevin Harlan with their broadcast
partners Steve Kerr Clark Killa and
Doris Burke man can you feel the
excitement in the end crowd in
anticipation of their home team Lakers
in an inter Conference battle here at
the Staples Center this of course their
first chance to take a look at this
year's Toronto swamp well last year they
won both meetings in the season series
and it wasn't a surprise and this is the
better - so let's take a look at the
Toronto Raptors starting lineup DeRozan
and fields are the wing bargnani is up
there with grade and it's Lowry and at
the 1 spot and for the Lakers Kobe
America wings with the big Palace all at
the 4 - affair with Helen
now here's how there's man that's good
on the excess power and the part if it
can be a point of dried hey you know we
split one one with the marquee team from
the other conference but it was
something the point to Kevin you know
when you when your overall season is a
disappointment that's something that you
can look at and say hey progress
here's world peace back to Kobe shoots
over DeRosa and thanks for rebound
slammed in by Howard
there he goes again that lower body root
- now clearing out space under the
offensive glass
does he know became around some rugged
defense there against one of the
stronger finishers in the game you know
the Raptors were really terrible
defensively in 2011 and even though they
didn't quite make the overall strides
Benetton
last year they were able to get closer
to where they need to be no time wasted
getting back off the ground when he got
his hands on the bar like that quickness
of jump and that's the idea right you
know take it back up strong yeah of
course I mean no reason to hold on to it
any longer than you have to
here's Nash after the Raptors picked up
two he dishes it to Howard
Gasol fishes to Kobe corrosion defending
here's world peace that's good
and it's Kobe with the assist and a
turban team around like the Raptors
defensively know it's gonna take some
time
well it always takes time when you take
over a new team like Dwayne Casey did a
year ago
or it's down
now that is just simply pure powerful
nasty throw down right then until you
see this building as a tall is he
blessed with amazing athleticism or what
that's just incredible
the spider each one really gave you a
good look at the action
- Rosen again - where's the dish to our
backs in a jumper here's Gasol and bull
tending is gonna be the call so they get
the basket there anyway
you didn't get to that one quite in time
Kevin those can be tough to gauge
sometimes what you think about the trade
that brought al Gasol to the Lakers
that's what transformed them into a
championship team because he gave them
that interior presence the passing
ability as a big man and the compliment
to Kobe Bryant been a huge factor in LA
- with it outside world peace on the art
rebound by kylo outside fields and again
Toronto with the triple going back to
the salt you know his ability to play
built the center and the power forward
position has been a huge gay always one
of my favorite players to watch how the
sole quick steal he's seven feet tall
every bit of it can play the floor and
face up and hurt people I think he's
gotten better each and every year he's
been in LA and that's a testament to his
work ever he'll be bounded by the Lakers
powers got poor rebounds now tonight
I've played in the previous game on
their schedule lose in to Sacramento
well with the number of turnovers they
had in that game guys it was gonna be an
uphill battle all the way well
especially Steve when you couple the
turnovers with the soft defense they
were playing I mean that's a bad
combination turning it over and then not
defending you know Kevin they were a
step late on their defensive rotation
and that helped them get right to the
rim
inside wanting to play no regular dump
their a superb value and was a great
dance to the cinema you know those two
have such a great feel for each other
they're just fun to watch you play
together so timeout called here the
first for Toronto they put up a nice win
against the bunch the last time out and
they drew so many fouls in that game
guys that was one area that really stood
out when you watch them yeah guys to me
that was just a case of lack of
discipline on the other side I can't say
any more than that on Antwon Jameson's
checked in for the Lakers Ebanks comes
in for Metta World Peace then for the
Raptors Amir Johnson's check in for gray
but as pleaser comes in for bargnani
and it's Ross in for demar derozan
Lakers leading by seven he'll go to
Doris Burke who spoke with head coach
Mike Brown
what's the news there boys
and he said a big sack from this game
will
while they're able to handle
he admitted being a fan of escape saying
he's a tough act let it guard who really
competes defense rebounding attacked the
paint he'll take it to you we've got to
be ready to match his motor and his
aggressiveness Kevin are they up to it
always great to hear from you Doris Nash
the bass to Jesus it's blocked and he's
able to get it back and it's Ebanks
missing hunters trail by seven fields
inside the wine shot is off great tee
that time from Nash Judy wise he's
having a tough boy he just seems to have
gone cold can't find the best and the
shot is good you know they've really
built the lead on their inside game and
their ability to convert second-chance
opportunities Kevin and it's buck by
Gasol mash outside
mastico be are the three good in the
assist goes bananas
- has got three assists now in this one
they've built a big lead here
both defense at the end offensive
they've been terrific right from the tip
and again no goodbye Toronto
Jamison with it before his first bucket
of the game
and Kobe here we go over Lowry again the
Lakers this game is really going their
way early what a lead they've built up
that's thanks to their performance
offensively in a large measure I mean
actually is born with these here
and stolen by Calderon here's Davis and
now that's how to finish the break
Throwdown with horse put that ball up
there and banged it home
yeah and that was nice little Statue of
Liberty yeah that was strong please
simple direct and effective and as the
first quarter wraps up already at double
digit lead Lakers lead by 12 and will
get the second quarter under way on the
other side of this bridge